Rename getAllDatasFromTable and deprecate raw order (#5855)
glpi-project/glpi: CHANGELOG.md

- `DBMysql::affected_rows()`
- `DBMysql::free_result()`
- `DBMysql::isMySQLStrictMode()`
- `getAllDatasFromTable` renamed to `getAllDataFromTable()`

> - Drop support of `$order` parameter in `getAllDataFromTable()` (`DbUtils::getAllDataFromTable()`)

Reviewer: Reading this, I thought it was already dropped. I suggest this change to have a less ambiguous sentence.
```suggestion
- Usage of `$order` parameter in `getAllDataFromTable()` (`DbUtils::getAllDataFromTable()`)
```
